oh jokes aside actually believe in your
dreams this pictures are not big i don't
need to go to college why because
college is for robots okay you go to
college you're going to be an engineer
what 250 k a year
okay is that enough not really
you're going to be an assistant
65 000
i'm not accurate here but you're going
to be a [ __ ] entrepreneur we live in
a society where internet is free for
everybody you can do anything be
original hustle
work run instagram accounts be a social
media manager whatever you're good at go
and kill it reading books would change
my life and i'm telling you guys you
need to start reading books if you don't
like to read like me audible audible.com
it's not a brand deal books changed my
life i might have more money than you
you might have more money than me
doesn't [ __ ] matter it's who works
the hardest i highly recommend reading
books
and like i said do not give up way i
started thinking it's all about action
before i would leave it on tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow from monday to sunday
i would say tomorrow i'll be i'll do
everything on sunday sunday i would have
17 things to do and i will only do three
and i'm like
i can't do it now action action action
uh i'm showing off right now but this is
all about motivation my blood work is
100 i go to the doctor every single
month i'm doing it super safely and you
can talk [ __ ] only more testosterone
testosterone testosterone
if you try to testosterone it's not like
you just inject and become looking like
arnold or whatever discipline i've been
doing one hour of cardio every single
day level 15 speed 3 no handlebars
listening to my book this is not to show
off you guys this is just it's been a
dream of mine since i started youtube
since 2011. i said i want to be able to
do these things and if i worked hard
enough i am going to be able to do these
things i worked hard for this i visioned
this and now i get to travel to the
places that i never thought i'll be able
to travel it's my life my choice if i
want to do testosterone [ __ ]
hate all you want and i'm not showing
off i'm just saying like
when people try to stop you from your
dreams tell them to go [ __ ] themselves
why because you know how many of my best
friends told me
you're gonna be a youtuber
you're gonna do this prove them all
wrong what are they doing right now with
their lives seven years later or eight
years later since they started same jobs
living with their parents
a jogger goes by he jumps out of the
bushes and just starts beating this
jogger right it was unbelievable this
story came out on tmz we're like this
can't be true your boy can stay back
there put your hand in the car man
[Music]
steroids get a bad rap they a lot of
people think oh you take it and you go
[ __ ] mental and you know you're going
to randomly want to beat the [ __ ] out of
people that you wouldn't have otherwise
or you're going to have a temper when
you're normally you know a very calm and
reasonable person you're just going to
start you know getting into bar fights
you're getting fights with your
girlfriend
who is your ex-boyfriend vitaly vitale
the infamous he's a very smart guy
himself so i mean he's a genius i mean
it would literally be like he would tell
me an idea and he would tell me he could
tell you exactly how well it's going to
do what how many views it's going to get
and he's like he's just so creative and
he goes above and beyond everything he
does like he's very committed so i mean
he's just a great person too who broke
up with who and why then you guys sound
like you're the same person we just our
past we're going in different directions
kind of grew yeah and i wanted you know
to focus on myself and so um we
obviously had some bumps in the road at
the end but i broke up with him okay wow
yeah wow was that hers ego like was it
like what what do you mean you're
breaking up with me well i mean he made
some mistakes you know so like he knew a
lot of guys do yeah at the end of the
day though it really does not work like
that there's so many misconceptions
around how steroids work and how they
impact mental processes and the
psychoactive effects they have are more
so just something that exaggerates your
current personality so
if you're naturally a [ __ ] human and
you take a bunch of gear what's gonna
happen you'll probably become a bit more
of a [ __ ]
however if you're normally a calm and
very
nice person and you know very irrational
very reasonable
don't lash out and you take a whole
bunch of gear
you might get a bit more on edge by
certain individuals
in certain situations but it's not going
to take you from calm and reasonable to
mentally [ __ ] insane where you
assault somebody on the side of the
street for no good reason because i've
seen some guys who just you know even
naturally they have issues with their
own personality just as a natural and
you throw tren into the mix and they
become a bit of a [ __ ] psychopath how
do you want to do this okay
get up
and sit in there
more than 20 years ago
i showed up at a political event
hosted by the green party of canada
here we are in the year 2021 more than
20 years later and believe it or not
still to this day the number one issue
that the green party is internally
divided about that it is tearing itself
apart over
is anti-semitism
was at this green party event as a much
younger man
and you know
i didn't think i was naive
i thought i was worldly i thought i was
well informed i was a political science
major in college and i was still very
much attending university classes at
that time
aspiring ecological activist and what
have you
interested in making the world a better
place
and this conventionally good-looking
somewhat non-descript
white middle-class canadian woman
approaches me
and starts talking to me and within just
a few
words
she reveals that she is somewhere on the
spectrum
between
nazi and neo-nazi
and
what she had to say to me
wasn't subtle
it wasn't using code words
she was talking about
adolf hitler
directly
to my face and my appearance even though
this more than 20 years ago wasn't so
much different from what it is now it's
possible she was emboldened because i am
a six foot three somewhat scary looking
bald guy and it did not occur to her to
question that i might in fact be
ethnically jewish but
even if i were not ethnically jewish i'd
be pretty hard for her to recruit me to
her side to bring me over to her to her
way of thinking but you know i gotta say
i was so much younger then
and
you think you're prepared for this sort
of thing as a young man and you're not
it took me hours
to process it
you know like several hours later you're
still reflecting on it and it just
blows your mind i mean i had just met
a real
living breathing neo-nazi you know a
scenario that i'd seen played out on
seinfeld a tv show comedy i'd probably
seen sketch comedy about this things
like saturday night live i'd seen
different frankly you know jewish
hollywood american movies joking about
this
from different angles and there you are
living it
and you know you have kind of the the
grandiosity
of the political pretensions of the
green party of ecology as a concept and
a movement you have the whole discourse
about
saving the world
being suddenly contrasted to the
unbelievable
pettiness
of the sort of personal grudge
that motivates someone
to become anti-semitic to become racist
to hate black people and have that
motivate their own peculiar form of you
know political activism it was a it was
a really weird really jarring experience
and obviously nothing in my education
prepared me for that and it should it
should you you go when you study
a political science university you
should really be prepared for the fact
that look if you want to do politics
politics
involves people
of
sincere conviction
and their convictions
destroy their own lives and often enough
the lives of others the people you meet
who have these
convictions whether they be
neo-nazis or or hard-line communists
you can reassure yourself with the
thought oh well how many of them will
still believe this stuff
five years from now
how many of them will just grow out of
it you know what's a scarier thought how
many of them are still going to be alive
five years from now how many of them are
going to be dead one way or another
because what it is they believe what is
they preach
all the other aspects of the lifestyle
that are concomitant with that are
somehow
directly or
bound up with
their commitment to that ideology now
there was another memory i have which is
a very different turning point in my
life from when i really first got
involved with the internet when i first
got involved with what we now call
social media
and i'll just say um
[Music]
i used to live in cambodia i used to
live in laos
i had no internet access for many many
years of my life
what i did have access to was email
so before when i'm saying the part of my
life we got involved with the internet
and social media i had never used
facebook even i never used myspace i'd
used email for years and years and years
and i went out to the jungle and
had this wonderful rewarding interesting
life but i was really offline
um
so i was already
an old man when i started getting
serious about social media and the
internet in a sense moving beyond email
and i thought
i thought i was prepared i thought i was
cynical and i was wrong
you know i joined um
[Music]
an atheist activist group
on
on the internet so they sometimes call
themselves atheist activists secular
activists but people who are supposedly
um
fighting for a world without religion
and i said you know very discreetly and
very politely because i was at that time
already a former scholar of buddhism
i'd studied buddhism for 10 years i
studied the language i lived up there
done humanitarian work led this very
interesting life in tarabata southeast
asia i had real expertise that might
make me a valuable asset to any group of
sincere atheist activists secular
activists you could have someone you
could have become as a guest speaker
really talk about what's what's wrong
with buddhism and there are not that
many people around who can and will talk
about that in contrast to the criticism
directed towards christianity islam
etc
and i said uh
you know
in a fairly friendly and upbeat way that
i am an atheist but you know atheism is
insufficient
you know atheism is just the rejection
of the belief in god
and like a lot of what we deal with in
buddhism
is the belief in ghosts it's the belief
in
meditation
it's a belief that your ancestors are
worshiping you
and
a lot of what we deal with in southeast
asia is the belief in communism
the belief in marxism
you know my point being there are all
kinds of beliefs
supernatural and natural
some overtly irrational
some seemingly rational but in fact
irrational you know
not all of them being identified in our
culture as
religious per se there are all kinds of
beliefs we have to challenge we have to
change we have to overturn and the
narrow definition of what you're doing
as atheism is actually an incumbent
atheism is in this sense insufficient i
got this
long
boisterous
self-confident
email denouncing me
uh one of the members of the group uh
they weren't just denouncing me they
were defending communism they were
defending joseph stalin they were
defending mao zedong and they were
claiming that i didn't know what i was
talking about they were attributing all
these positive redeeming qualities to
congress now there's a sense in which i
was prepared for this and i remember i
wrote back in a very self-confident way
and said look you know you've said i
don't know anything about communism okay
let me tell you
let me break down for you just how over
how many years and what kind of life
experience and what kind of let me
explain to you just how much expertise
i've got about communism i knew i was
many levels above this person's
knowledge of the history of communism
just as i was many levels above them in
the knowledge of you know buddhism
and it's needless to say there are
always people who identify as atheists
who want to defend yoga and want to
defend transcendental meditation
this is just as self-defeating as
calling yourself an atheist or a secular
activist but trying to defend prayer
like you don't believe in god but you
still believe in prayer really
really
um
so you know there was a sense
in which i was prepared to have that
conversation but there was another sense
in which i was really totally utterly
unprepared just like the encounter with
the neo-nazi you know at the at the
green party
um
so many of us
define our lives within the dotted lines
of unexamined and unnamed beliefs
if you're born and raised muslim
your parents
and grandparents are muslim at least
your beliefs have a name at least they
have lines and limits
everyone can recognize
and you can therefore
identify
analyze
and rebel against
you know what it is you're expected to
obey
but you also know how when the time
comes
to reject it to repudiate it right
most of these people
whatever they call themselves whether or
not they call themselves
atheists they believe in things they are
ruled
by things they cannot name but also
cannot ignore
they obey
without knowing
what it is they obey they obey without
knowing why
they obey and they obey without any
clear sense of consequence
like the myth of heaven
and the myth of hell
what's dangerous
in our time is not insanity
it's the extent to which
insanity comes to be perceived as sanity
it's the extent to which flagrant evils
come to be perceived as normal and go
unchallenged
in our lives as individuals
in our lives as a polity
in our lives
as a society
what does it mean
to believe in
steroids
what does it mean to believe in
living your best life
what does it mean to
believe in
yourself
these vague notions
people commit to them without knowing
what it is they commit to
and i'm saying to you now whether you
look around
youtube
or whether you look around the people
you know directly in your own life
really ask yourself
how many of these people are still gonna
be alive
just five years from now
i don't want to talk about it i don't
really ever want to talk about it but i
feel like i have to address it because
if i don't address it you guys are going
to be like what the [ __ ] you literally
just made a video talking about getting
a house getting married and having kids
so like where did he go
[Music]
i don't know and honestly this
conditioned some form of narcissism
within me like a grandiosity and the
excitement and just this this vicious
coldness and the chaos
uh it was it was both been having issues
with depression lately for the last uh
like couple months i've fallen into that
trap of thinking you know if i get
something
if i buy something if i make more money
i'll fill some sort of void inside
myself the next toy the next video game
i try to find something that will
stimulate me to like
get me out of this
you know a suicidal depression
it's been a while since i've had
depression
that's been
this debilitating today is the very
first day that max has ever seen
sunshine
i suffer from borderline personality
disorder
which is probably the worst thing in the
world
and i [ __ ] hate it and i wish i could
change it
and in september i started taking a new
cocktail
including
trazadone ziplex in the morning
which is like an ssri what's called
a rippy prezzo
[Music]
so i did a bit of an experiment where i
used a picture of me where i've got no
hair and i've got facial hair and i've
even removed my glasses and i use that
on my tinder profile dating app and i
got way more matches using that fake
picture where i'm bold and i have a
beard which to me is just really a big
surprise because i always thought you
know being bold is unattractive
[Music]
my